c:\users\juanito\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\juanito\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\juanito\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\Bin\Debug\MusicPlayer.dll
c:\users\juanito\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\Bin\Debug\MusicPlayer.pdb
c:\users\juanito\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\juanito\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\Bin\Debug\MusicPlayer.xap
c:\users\juanito\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
c:\users\juanito\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
c:\users\juanito\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\juanito\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\juanito\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\juanito\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\obj\Debug\MusicPlayer.g.resources
c:\users\juanito\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\obj\Debug\MusicPlayer.dll
c:\users\juanito\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\obj\Debug\MusicPlayer.pdb
c:\users\juanito\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Juanito\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\Bin\Debug\Imagenes\appbar.refresh.rest.png
C:\Users\Juanito\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\Bin\Debug\Imagenes\appbar.transport.ff.rest.png
C:\Users\Juanito\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\Bin\Debug\Imagenes\appbar.transport.pause.rest.png
C:\Users\Juanito\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\Bin\Debug\Imagenes\appbar.transport.play.rest.png
C:\Users\Juanito\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\Bin\Debug\Imagenes\appbar.transport.rew.rest.png
C:\Users\Juanito\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\Bin\Debug\Imagenes\logo.png
C:\Users\Juanito\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\Bin\Debug\Imagenes\Redo.png
C:\Users\Juanito\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\Bin\Debug\Imagenes\stopButton.png
C:\Users\Juanito\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\Bin\Debug\Imagenes\Layout.png
C:\Users\Juanito\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\Bin\Debug\Imagenes\Shuffle.png
C:\Users\Juanito\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MusicPlayer\MusicPlayer\Bin\Debug\Imagenes\Repeat.png
